Marketing team goals for Q3 2026 (#18014)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/marketing/objectives.mdx

### Q2 2026 objectives

> These are the primary goals the team is prioritizing this quarter. Goals for PMMs are meant to provide an extra level of focus or to define a specific initiative beyond the business-as-usual work that comes from covering a specific product. Supporting [the product they are assigned to](/handbook/marketing/ownership) is always the default priority. 

Author: ```suggestion
These are the primary goals the team is prioritizing this quarter. Goals for PMMs are meant to provide an extra level of focus or to define a specific initiative beyond the business-as-usual work that comes from covering a specific product. Supporting [the product they are assigned to](/handbook/marketing/ownership) is always the default quarterly goal. 
```

> These are the primary goals the team is prioritizing this quarter. Goals for PMMs are meant to provide an extra level of focus or to define a specific initiative beyond the business-as-usual work that comes from covering a specific product. Supporting [the product they are assigned to](/handbook/marketing/ownership) is always the default quarterly goal. 

Reviewer: Practically speaking, when we get together to review at the end of the quarter, will we still separately go 'how did X product go' as well?

Author: We can absolutely do that, yeah.

<details>
<summary> Create a pre-marketing platform (Joe)</summary>

- **Rationale:** Waitlists are helping us drive awareness earlier, but they're fragmented.
- **Things we could do:** Unify the roadmap, WIP, and Coming Soon pages into one source.

> - **We'll know we're successful when:** Pre-marketing is an easy, repeatable part of the playbook. 

Reviewer: is the intention that we can do this without a PMM being assigned? (ie. it could be treated more as BAU like changelog?)

Author: I think the goal would be more user and pipeline focused, so I'll tweak this a bit. But yes, I think making it so that this is something eng team leads know to do is also important. 

Gives me a good idea regarding layout and design too. 

```suggestion
- **We'll know we're successful when:** Users have one place to register interest, and notifying users is an easy, automated part of how we market. 
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>Take replay vision to market (Sara)</summary>

- **Rationale:** There are competitors out there which shouldn't need to exist.
- **Things we could do:** Launch the field guide for replay vision. Bring it into the Inbox story.

> - **We'll know we're successful when:** Replay vision is the way users expect to use replays.

Reviewer: I think a more tangible version of this would be something like 'when people talk about a competitor on X, people reply that PostHog already does that'?

Author: Ha, I had something similar to that in a first draft but cut it out because it felt too "thinking about competitors", but I agree...

```suggestion
- **We'll know we're successful when:** Users often point out to competitors that PostHog already does that.
```

</details>

<details>

> <summary>Clarify positioning for Sales (Cleo)</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Clarify self-driving positioning for Sales (Cleo)</summary>
```

- **Rationale:** We're still betting the farm on it.

> - **Things we could do:** Attend sales calls. Find problems. Fix them. 

Reviewer: I know this is glib, but maybe something that included 'make [this handbook page](https://posthog.com/handbook/growth/sales/how-to-pitch-self-driving) indispensable' or something.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Things we could do:** Attend sales calls. Clarify self-driving for sales. Codify in the handbook. 
```

> - **We'll know we're successful when:** Sales and marketing are in _synergy_. 

Reviewer: ditto - glib but is there something real?

Author: ```suggestion
- **We'll know we're successful when:** Sales and marketing share a playbook for discussing self-driving. 
```

I'm a little wary that this starts to feel like "Write a handbook page" -- an important part of it may be _socializing_ the content or setting a system by which sales teams discover the content?

Author: Alternatively

```suggestion
- **We'll know we're successful when:** By the end of Q3 we still don't feel a need to hire a PMM for Sales. 
```

Reviewer: this is good!

Reviewer 2: > **We'll know we're successful when:** By the end of Q3 we still don't feel a need to hire a PMM for Sales. 

I don't like this at all tbh. The impact of a PMM for sales role extends beyond self-driving even if that's the umbrella narrative.

>**We'll know we're successful when:** Sales and marketing share a playbook for discussing self-driving. 

This feels achievable as a goal and something worth individual ownership.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **We'll know we're successful when:** Sales and marketing share a playbook for pitching and promoting self driving. 
```

"discussing" might not be the right word?

</details>

<details>
<summary>Make context warehouse happen (Lizzie)</summary>

- **Rationale:** We have a unique moment to define context warehouses.
- **Things we could do:** Ship the managed warehouse. Focus on connectors. Thought leadership.

> - **We'll know we're successful when:** People know what our context warehouse is.

Reviewer: 'People online talk about context warehouse as a thing unprompted' or something like that?

Author: ```suggestion
- **We'll know we're successful when:** Users talk about context warehouse specifically as part of their self-driving products.
```
